Update readme for Netlify and NextJS (#12041)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: README.md

2. Start developing!

```sh
yarn dev
```

- Open this directory in your favorite text editor / IDE, and see your changes live by visiting `localhost:3000` from your browser
- Pro Tip:
  - Explore scripts within `package.json` for more build options

>   - Get **faster** local builds by building only one language. E.g. in your `.env` file, set `BUILD_LOCALES=en` to build the content only in English

Reviewer: Not a blocker for this PR, but this tip is less helpful now that we use Next.js... it's handy if you're _building_ the site, but doesn't matter for `yarn dev` since pages are built on-demand.

Reviewer 2: Agree. I found it informative though. Perhaps we could clarify that it is faster for production builds (`yarn build`).

Author: Changed the wording here to be production

> By default the script will build all the languages (complete list in `data/translations.json`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default the script will build all the languages (complete list in `i18n.config.json`).
```

> By default the script will build all the languages (complete list in `data/translations.json`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default the script will build all the languages (complete list in `i18n.config.json`).
```

git push
```

### 5. Submit your PR

- After your changes are committed to your GitHub fork, submit a pull request (PR) to the `dev` branch of the `ethereum/ethereum-org-website` repo
- In your PR description, reference the issue it resolves (see [linking a pull request to an issue using a keyword](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/managing-your-work-on-github/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword))
  - ex. `Updates out of date content [Fixes #1234]`

> - Netlify (our hosting service for build previews) deploys all PRs to a publicly accessible preview URL, e.g.:

Reviewer: > ...accessible preview URL, e.g.:

@corwintines Did we mean to remove the image here? If so, we should remove the `, e.g.:` from the end of this line

Reviewer 2: I think we should add an image here. Probably this:
![image](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/assets/468158/880af364-82d9-416b-8755-8da4a40d398e)

Author: Added this image, thanks @pettinarip!
